                 A Parking Structure with Valet Service

1. The Model
  1.1 The Imaginary Business Proposal

   Mr.Smith presented a new business proposal and won the bid to run the parking service for PDX airport.   
   The proposed new service operates as follows:
     1. Set up two curb-size service points.  The one near the departure level is called checking point; 
        and the other near the arrival level is called claim; 
     2. A flyer needing service hands over his/her vehicle at the departure service point and receives 
        a timestamped ticket.
     3. An employee will move the vechicle to the nearby parking structure.
        Key is kept in secure place in the parking structure.
     5. Upon returning from travel, the flyer swipes the ticket issued, makes electronic payment.
     6. An employee picks up the key from the secure place and deliver the vehicle to flyer at the claim point. 
   
  1.2 Main Entities in the Business 
   1.2.1 Parking Servive
      The entire business/firm.  
   1.2.2 Parking Structure 
     A facility comprises a fixed number of demarcated parking spots.
     It offers additional functions as follow:
         I. post availability and vacancy status
            When closed, no vehicle will be admitted other than exiting.
        II. track parking spot assignment specifics
   1.2.3 Pagers
        Internal text-based communication devices. 
   1.2.4: Parking Spots
     Each parking spots is monitored with a set of  sensors. One sensor detects occupancy and 
     the second scans license number. 
     
     Each spot is also inatalled with an automatic pager.
     
  1.2.5 Service Points
          Checking point: accept valet service requests, issue service tickets, park vechicles, 
                          and do electronic stamping.
                 The checking point is supervised with employees
          Claim point: receive and verify tickets, unmanned.

          Each sercie point is installed a pager.
  1.2.6 employees
        Each employee carries a pager with on duty.
  
2. Design Highlights
    
3. Logging

4. Test
